README.md, before:

# 22’ Operating Systems Meetup


## Annoucement
- **7/5/2022:** Our first meetup will be presented by Mossaka and Wen Lin on **July 9th, 2022 at 5:00pm PST**! We will introduce our org, the os-meetup and the schedule. The second half of the meetup, we will introduce operating systems, and discuss **lecture 1** and our reading material **chapter 1**! We call for vonlunteer meetup presenter signups! 
- **6/27/2022:** Our schedule is updated! 
- **5/31/2022:** Our first meetup is scheduled to be held on the **July 9th, 2022** 🎉! We will be learning and discussing [MIT 6.S081 Fall 2021](https://pdos.csail.mit.edu/6.828/2021/schedule.html) together! The schedule, zoom link and other info will be posted soon.
    
    > **Note:** Starting Fall 2020, MIT 6.828 is offered as two courses: [6.S018](https://pdos.csail.mit.edu/6.828/2021/schedule.html) (intro to OS) and [6.828](https://abelay.github.io/6828seminar/index.html) (research focused). 

## Schedule
| Datetime: PST & BJ | Presenter | Email | Topic | Material | Slides | Recording |
|------------------|-----------|-------|-------|----------|--------|-----------|
| 07/09/2022 5:00pm <br /> 07/10/2022 8:00am <br /> [Zoom](https://zoom.us/j/92517386662?pwd=eVVxQjZvbzgvbE5uS2ZRbWxOaDZSUT09) | Mossaka & Wen | duibao55238@gmail.com <br /> linwen1991@gmail.com | Administrative | Readings: [Chapter1](https://pdos.csail.mit.edu/6.S081/2021/xv6/book-riscv-rev2.pdf); <br /> Lecture: [Lec 1](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L6YqHxYHa7A) | TBD | TBD |
| 07/16/2022 5:00pm <br /> 07/17/2022 8:00am |  |  |  | Readings: [Chapter 2](https://pdos.csail.mit.edu/6.S081/2021/xv6/book-riscv-rev2.pdf) and <br /> xv6 code: [kernel/proc.h](https://github.com/mit-pdos/xv6-riscv/blob/riscv/kernel/proc.h), <br /> [kernel/defs.h](https://github.com/mit-pdos/xv6-riscv/blob/riscv/kernel/defs.h), [kernel/entry.S](https://github.com/mit-pdos/xv6-riscv/blob/riscv/kernel/entry.S), <br /> [kernel/main.c](https://github.com/mit-pdos/xv6-riscv/blob/riscv/kernel/main.c), [puser/initcode.S](https://github.com/mit-pdos/xv6-riscv/blob/riscv/user/initcode.S), <br /> [user/init.c](https://github.com/mit-pdos/xv6-riscv/blob/riscv/user/init.c), [skim kernel/proc.c](https://github.com/mit-pdos/xv6-riscv/blob/riscv/kernel/proc.c), <br /> [kernel/exec.c](https://github.com/mit-pdos/xv6-riscv/blob/riscv/kernel/exec.c); <br /> Lecture: [Lec 3](https://youtu.be/o44d---Dk4o) | TBD | TBD |
| 07/23/2022 5:00pm <br /> 07/24/2022 8:00am |  |  |  | Readings: [Chapter 3](https://pdos.csail.mit.edu/6.S081/2021/xv6/book-riscv-rev2.pdf) and <br /> [kernel/memlayout.h](https://github.com/mit-pdos/xv6-riscv/blob/riscv/kernel/memlayout.h), [kernel/vm.c](https://github.com/mit-pdos/xv6-riscv/blob/riscv/kernel/vm.c), <br /> [kernel/kalloc.c](https://github.com/mit-pdos/xv6-riscv/blob/riscv/kernel/kalloc.c), [kernel/riscv.h](https://github.com/mit-pdos/xv6-riscv/blob/riscv/kernel/riscv.h), <br /> and [kernel/exec.c](https://github.com/mit-pdos/xv6-riscv/blob/riscv/kernel/exec.c); <br /> Lecture: [Lec 4](https://youtu.be/f1Hpjty3TT8) | TBD | TBD |
| 07/30/2022 5:00pm <br /> 07/31/2022 8:00am |  |  |  | Readings: [Chapter 4 except 4.6](https://pdos.csail.mit.edu/6.S081/2021/xv6/book-riscv-rev2.pdf) and <br /> [kernel/riscv.h](https://github.com/mit-pdos/xv6-riscv/blob/riscv/kernel/riscv.h), [kernel/trampoline.S](https://github.com/mit-pdos/xv6-riscv/blob/riscv/kernel/trampoline.S), <br /> and [kernel/trap.c](https://github.com/mit-pdos/xv6-riscv/blob/riscv/kernel/trap.c); <br /> Lecture: [Lec 6](https://youtu.be/T26UuauaxWA) | TBD | TBD |
| 08/06/2022 5:00pm <br /> 08/07/2022 8:00am | Lixiang Ao |  | FaaSnap: FaaS Made Fast Using Snapshot-based VMs | [FaaSnap: FaaS Made Fast Using Snapshot-based VMs](https://dl.acm.org/doi/pdf/10.1145/3492321.3524270) | TBD | TBD |
| 08/13/2022 5:00pm <br /> 08/14/2022 8:00am |  |  |  | Readings: [Section 4.6](https://pdos.csail.mit.edu/6.S081/2021/xv6/book-riscv-rev2.pdf); <br /> Lecture: [Lec 7](https://youtu.be/KSYO-gTZo0A) | TBD | TBD |
| 08/20/2022 5:00pm <br /> 08/21/2022 8:00am |  |  |  | Readings: [Chapter 5](https://pdos.csail.mit.edu/6.S081/2021/xv6/book-riscv-rev2.pdf) <br /> and [kernel/kernelvec.S](https://github.com/mit-pdos/xv6-riscv/blob/riscv/kernel/kernelvec.S), [kernel/plic.c](https://github.com/mit-pdos/xv6-riscv/blob/riscv/kernel/plic.c), <br /> [kernel/console.c](https://github.com/mit-pdos/xv6-riscv/blob/riscv/kernel/console.c), [kernel/uart.c](https://github.com/mit-pdos/xv6-riscv/blob/riscv/kernel/uart.c), <br /> [kernel/printf.c](https://github.com/mit-pdos/xv6-riscv/blob/riscv/kernel/printf.c)| TBD | TBD |
| 08/27/2022 5:00pm <br /> 08/28/2022 8:00am |  |  |  | Readings:["Locking"](https://pdos.csail.mit.edu/6.S081/2021/xv6/book-riscv-rev2.pdf) with [kernel/spinlock.h](https://github.com/mit-pdos/xv6-riscv/blob/riscv/kernel/spinlock.h) and [kernel/spinlock.c](https://github.com/mit-pdos/xv6-riscv/blob/riscv/kernel/spinlock.c), <br /> Lecture: [Lec 10](https://youtu.be/NGXu3vN7yAk) | TBD | TBD |
| 09/03/2022 5:00pm <br /> 09/04/2022 8:00am |  |  |  | Readings:["Scheduling"](https://pdos.csail.mit.edu/6.S081/2021/slides/6s081-lec-threads.pdf) through Section 7.4, and [kernel/proc.c](https://github.com/mit-pdos/xv6-riscv/blob/riscv/kernel/proc.c), [kernel/swtch.S](https://github.com/mit-pdos/xv6-riscv/blob/riscv/kernel/swtch.S), Lecture: [Lec 11](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vsgrTHY5tkg) | TBD | TBD |
| 09/10/2022 5:00pm <br /> 09/11/2022 8:00am |  |  |  |  | TBD | TBD |
| 09/17/2022 5:00pm <br /> 09/18/2022 8:00am |  |  |  | Readings:remainder of ["Scheduling"](https://pdos.csail.mit.edu/6.S081/2021/xv6/book-riscv-rev2.pdf), and corresponding parts of [kernel/proc.c](https://github.com/mit-pdos/xv6-riscv/blob/riscv/kernel/proc.c), [kernel/sleeplock.c](https://github.com/mit-pdos/xv6-riscv/blob/riscv/kernel/sleeplock.c), Lecture: [Lec 12](https://youtu.be/gP67sJ4PTnc) | TBD | TBD |
| 09/24/2022 5:00pm <br /> 09/25/2022 8:00am |  |  |  | Readings:[kernel/bio.c](https://github.com/mit-pdos/xv6-riscv/blob/riscv/kernel/bio.c), [kernel/fs.c](https://github.com/mit-pdos/xv6-riscv/blob/riscv/kernel/fs.c), [kernel/sysfile.c](https://github.com/mit-pdos/xv6-riscv/blob/riscv/kernel/sysfile.c), [kernel/file.c](https://github.com/mit-pdos/xv6-riscv/blob/riscv/kernel/file.c) and ["File system"](https://pdos.csail.mit.edu/6.S081/2021/xv6/book-riscv-rev2.pdf) (except for the logging sections), Lecture: [Lec 14](https://youtu.be/ADzLv1nRtR8) | TBD | TBD |
| 10/01/2022 5:00pm <br /> 10/02/2022 8:00am |  |  |  | Readings:[kernel/log.c](https://github.com/mit-pdos/xv6-riscv/blob/riscv/kernel/log.c) and the logging sections of "File system", Lecture: [Lec 15](https://youtu.be/7Hk2dIorDkk) | TBD | TBD |
| 10/08/2022 5:00pm <br /> 10/09/2022 8:00am |  |  |  | Readings:[Journaling the Linux ext2fs Filesystem (1998)](https://pdos.csail.mit.edu/6.S081/2021/readings/journal-ext2fs.html), Lecture: [Lec 16](https://youtu.be/CmDcf6rjFb4) | TBD | TBD |
| 10/15/2022 5:00pm <br /> 10/16/2022 8:00am |  |  |  |  | TBD | TBD |
| 10/22/2022 5:00pm <br /> 10/23/2022 8:00am |  |  |  | Readings:[Virtual Memory Primitives for User Programs (1991)](https://pdos.csail.mit.edu/6.S081/2021/readings/appel-li.pdf), Lecture: [Lec 17](https://youtu.be/YNQghIvk0jc) | TBD | TBD |
| 10/29/2022 5:00pm <br /> 10/30/2022 8:00am |  |  |  | Readings:[The Performance of micro-Kernel-Based Systems (1997)](https://pdos.csail.mit.edu/6.S081/2021/readings/microkernel.pdf), Lecture: [Lec 18](https://youtu.be/dM9PLdaTpnA) | TBD | TBD |
| 11/05/2022 5:00pm <br /> 11/06/2022 8:00am |  |  |  | Readings:[Dune: Safe User-level Access to Privileged CPU Features (2012)](https://pdos.csail.mit.edu/6.S081/2021/readings/belay-dune.pdf), Lecture: [Lec 19](https://youtu.be/R8obXHAIPY0) | TBD | TBD |
| 11/12/2022 5:00pm <br /> 11/13/2022 9:00am |  |  |  | Readings:[the Biscuit paper (2018)](https://pdos.csail.mit.edu/6.S081/2021/readings/biscuit.pdf), Lecture: [Lec 20](https://youtu.be/AAtXWGwxI9k) | TBD | TBD |
| 11/19/2022 5:00pm <br /> 11/20/2022 9:00am |  |  |  |  | TBD | TBD |
| 12/03/2022 5:00pm <br /> 12/04/2022 9:00am |  |  |  | Readings:[Receive Livelock (1996)](https://pdos.csail.mit.edu/6.S081/2021/readings/mogul96usenix.pdf), Lecture: [Lec 21](https://youtu.be/Fcjychg4Tvk) | TBD | TBD |
| 12/10/2022 5:00pm <br /> 12/11/2022 9:00am |  |  |  | Readings:[Meltdown (2018)](https://pdos.csail.mit.edu/6.S081/2021/readings/meltdown.pdf), Lecture: [Lec 22](https://youtu.be/WpKVr3p5rjE) | TBD | TBD |
| 12/17/2022 5:00pm <br /> 12/18/2022 9:00am |  |  |  |  | TBD | TBD |
| 01/07/2023 5:00pm <br /> 01/08/2023 9:00am |  |  |  | Readings:[RCU paper (2013)](https://pdos.csail.mit.edu/6.S081/2021/readings/rcu-decade-later.pdf), Lecture: [Lec 23](https://youtu.be/KUwyCGMTeq8) | TBD | TBD |
| 01/14/2023 5:00pm <br /> 01/15/2023 9:00am |  |  |  | Readings:[NASA CALIPSO paper (2006)](https://pdos.csail.mit.edu/6.S081/2021/readings/nasa-calipso-radiation.pdf) for background | TBD | TBD |

## Misc
- [MIT 6.S081 website](https://pdos.csail.mit.edu/6.S081/2021/index.html)
- [Textbook: xv6](https://pdos.csail.mit.edu/6.S081/2021/xv6/book-riscv-rev2.pdf)
- The C programming language (second edition) by Kernighan and Ritchie. Prentice Hall, Inc., 1988. ISBN 0-13-110362-8, 1998.
- [Distributed Systems Meetup](https://splvm.github.io/distsys-meetup/)
- [Database Systems Meetup](https://splvm.github.io/database-meetup/)

## Sponsors
> The organizers spent a lot of time and effort to make this meetup possible. If you would like to sponsor this meetup, please contact us at `systemsgossip at gmail dot com`

We would like to thank the following sponsors for their support:

## FAQ
WIP

Commit message:

added slack join link and wechat
Signed-off-by: Jiaxiao Zhou <jiazho@microsoft.com>

README.md, after:

# 22’ Operating Systems Meetup


## Annoucement
- **7/5/2022:** Our first meetup will be presented by Mossaka and Wen Lin on **July 9th, 2022 at 5:00pm PST**! We will introduce our org, the os-meetup and the schedule. The second half of the meetup, we will introduce operating systems, and discuss **lecture 1** and our reading material **chapter 1**! We call for vonlunteer meetup presenter signups! 
- **6/27/2022:** Our schedule is updated! 
- **5/31/2022:** Our first meetup is scheduled to be held on the **July 9th, 2022** 🎉! We will be learning and discussing [MIT 6.S081 Fall 2021](https://pdos.csail.mit.edu/6.828/2021/schedule.html) together! The schedule, zoom link and other info will be posted soon.
    
    > **Note:** Starting Fall 2020, MIT 6.828 is offered as two courses: [6.S018](https://pdos.csail.mit.edu/6.828/2021/schedule.html) (intro to OS) and [6.828](https://abelay.github.io/6828seminar/index.html) (research focused). 

## Schedule
| Datetime: PST & BJ | Presenter | Email | Topic | Material | Slides | Recording |
|------------------|-----------|-------|-------|----------|--------|-----------|
| 07/09/2022 5:00pm <br /> 07/10/2022 8:00am <br /> [Zoom](https://zoom.us/j/92517386662?pwd=eVVxQjZvbzgvbE5uS2ZRbWxOaDZSUT09) | Mossaka & Wen | duibao55238@gmail.com <br /> linwen1991@gmail.com | Administrative | Readings: [Chapter1](https://pdos.csail.mit.edu/6.S081/2021/xv6/book-riscv-rev2.pdf); <br /> Lecture: [Lec 1](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L6YqHxYHa7A) | TBD | TBD |
| 07/16/2022 5:00pm <br /> 07/17/2022 8:00am |  |  |  | Readings: [Chapter 2](https://pdos.csail.mit.edu/6.S081/2021/xv6/book-riscv-rev2.pdf) and <br /> xv6 code: [kernel/proc.h](https://github.com/mit-pdos/xv6-riscv/blob/riscv/kernel/proc.h), <br /> [kernel/defs.h](https://github.com/mit-pdos/xv6-riscv/blob/riscv/kernel/defs.h), [kernel/entry.S](https://github.com/mit-pdos/xv6-riscv/blob/riscv/kernel/entry.S), <br /> [kernel/main.c](https://github.com/mit-pdos/xv6-riscv/blob/riscv/kernel/main.c), [puser/initcode.S](https://github.com/mit-pdos/xv6-riscv/blob/riscv/user/initcode.S), <br /> [user/init.c](https://github.com/mit-pdos/xv6-riscv/blob/riscv/user/init.c), [skim kernel/proc.c](https://github.com/mit-pdos/xv6-riscv/blob/riscv/kernel/proc.c), <br /> [kernel/exec.c](https://github.com/mit-pdos/xv6-riscv/blob/riscv/kernel/exec.c); <br /> Lecture: [Lec 3](https://youtu.be/o44d---Dk4o) | TBD | TBD |
| 07/23/2022 5:00pm <br /> 07/24/2022 8:00am |  |  |  | Readings: [Chapter 3](https://pdos.csail.mit.edu/6.S081/2021/xv6/book-riscv-rev2.pdf) and <br /> [kernel/memlayout.h](https://github.com/mit-pdos/xv6-riscv/blob/riscv/kernel/memlayout.h), [kernel/vm.c](https://github.com/mit-pdos/xv6-riscv/blob/riscv/kernel/vm.c), <br /> [kernel/kalloc.c](https://github.com/mit-pdos/xv6-riscv/blob/riscv/kernel/kalloc.c), [kernel/riscv.h](https://github.com/mit-pdos/xv6-riscv/blob/riscv/kernel/riscv.h), <br /> and [kernel/exec.c](https://github.com/mit-pdos/xv6-riscv/blob/riscv/kernel/exec.c); <br /> Lecture: [Lec 4](https://youtu.be/f1Hpjty3TT8) | TBD | TBD |
| 07/30/2022 5:00pm <br /> 07/31/2022 8:00am |  |  |  | Readings: [Chapter 4 except 4.6](https://pdos.csail.mit.edu/6.S081/2021/xv6/book-riscv-rev2.pdf) and <br /> [kernel/riscv.h](https://github.com/mit-pdos/xv6-riscv/blob/riscv/kernel/riscv.h), [kernel/trampoline.S](https://github.com/mit-pdos/xv6-riscv/blob/riscv/kernel/trampoline.S), <br /> and [kernel/trap.c](https://github.com/mit-pdos/xv6-riscv/blob/riscv/kernel/trap.c); <br /> Lecture: [Lec 6](https://youtu.be/T26UuauaxWA) | TBD | TBD |
| 08/06/2022 5:00pm <br /> 08/07/2022 8:00am | Lixiang Ao |  | FaaSnap: FaaS Made Fast Using Snapshot-based VMs | [FaaSnap: FaaS Made Fast Using Snapshot-based VMs](https://dl.acm.org/doi/pdf/10.1145/3492321.3524270) | TBD | TBD |
| 08/13/2022 5:00pm <br /> 08/14/2022 8:00am |  |  |  | Readings: [Section 4.6](https://pdos.csail.mit.edu/6.S081/2021/xv6/book-riscv-rev2.pdf); <br /> Lecture: [Lec 7](https://youtu.be/KSYO-gTZo0A) | TBD | TBD |
| 08/20/2022 5:00pm <br /> 08/21/2022 8:00am |  |  |  | Readings: [Chapter 5](https://pdos.csail.mit.edu/6.S081/2021/xv6/book-riscv-rev2.pdf) <br /> and [kernel/kernelvec.S](https://github.com/mit-pdos/xv6-riscv/blob/riscv/kernel/kernelvec.S), [kernel/plic.c](https://github.com/mit-pdos/xv6-riscv/blob/riscv/kernel/plic.c), <br /> [kernel/console.c](https://github.com/mit-pdos/xv6-riscv/blob/riscv/kernel/console.c), [kernel/uart.c](https://github.com/mit-pdos/xv6-riscv/blob/riscv/kernel/uart.c), <br /> [kernel/printf.c](https://github.com/mit-pdos/xv6-riscv/blob/riscv/kernel/printf.c)| TBD | TBD |
| 08/27/2022 5:00pm <br /> 08/28/2022 8:00am |  |  |  | Readings:["Locking"](https://pdos.csail.mit.edu/6.S081/2021/xv6/book-riscv-rev2.pdf) with [kernel/spinlock.h](https://github.com/mit-pdos/xv6-riscv/blob/riscv/kernel/spinlock.h) and [kernel/spinlock.c](https://github.com/mit-pdos/xv6-riscv/blob/riscv/kernel/spinlock.c), <br /> Lecture: [Lec 10](https://youtu.be/NGXu3vN7yAk) | TBD | TBD |
| 09/03/2022 5:00pm <br /> 09/04/2022 8:00am |  |  |  | Readings:["Scheduling"](https://pdos.csail.mit.edu/6.S081/2021/slides/6s081-lec-threads.pdf) through Section 7.4, and [kernel/proc.c](https://github.com/mit-pdos/xv6-riscv/blob/riscv/kernel/proc.c), [kernel/swtch.S](https://github.com/mit-pdos/xv6-riscv/blob/riscv/kernel/swtch.S), Lecture: [Lec 11](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vsgrTHY5tkg) | TBD | TBD |
| 09/10/2022 5:00pm <br /> 09/11/2022 8:00am |  |  |  |  | TBD | TBD |
| 09/17/2022 5:00pm <br /> 09/18/2022 8:00am |  |  |  | Readings:remainder of ["Scheduling"](https://pdos.csail.mit.edu/6.S081/2021/xv6/book-riscv-rev2.pdf), and corresponding parts of [kernel/proc.c](https://github.com/mit-pdos/xv6-riscv/blob/riscv/kernel/proc.c), [kernel/sleeplock.c](https://github.com/mit-pdos/xv6-riscv/blob/riscv/kernel/sleeplock.c), Lecture: [Lec 12](https://youtu.be/gP67sJ4PTnc) | TBD | TBD |
| 09/24/2022 5:00pm <br /> 09/25/2022 8:00am |  |  |  | Readings:[kernel/bio.c](https://github.com/mit-pdos/xv6-riscv/blob/riscv/kernel/bio.c), [kernel/fs.c](https://github.com/mit-pdos/xv6-riscv/blob/riscv/kernel/fs.c), [kernel/sysfile.c](https://github.com/mit-pdos/xv6-riscv/blob/riscv/kernel/sysfile.c), [kernel/file.c](https://github.com/mit-pdos/xv6-riscv/blob/riscv/kernel/file.c) and ["File system"](https://pdos.csail.mit.edu/6.S081/2021/xv6/book-riscv-rev2.pdf) (except for the logging sections), Lecture: [Lec 14](https://youtu.be/ADzLv1nRtR8) | TBD | TBD |
| 10/01/2022 5:00pm <br /> 10/02/2022 8:00am |  |  |  | Readings:[kernel/log.c](https://github.com/mit-pdos/xv6-riscv/blob/riscv/kernel/log.c) and the logging sections of "File system", Lecture: [Lec 15](https://youtu.be/7Hk2dIorDkk) | TBD | TBD |
| 10/08/2022 5:00pm <br /> 10/09/2022 8:00am |  |  |  | Readings:[Journaling the Linux ext2fs Filesystem (1998)](https://pdos.csail.mit.edu/6.S081/2021/readings/journal-ext2fs.html), Lecture: [Lec 16](https://youtu.be/CmDcf6rjFb4) | TBD | TBD |
| 10/15/2022 5:00pm <br /> 10/16/2022 8:00am |  |  |  |  | TBD | TBD |
| 10/22/2022 5:00pm <br /> 10/23/2022 8:00am |  |  |  | Readings:[Virtual Memory Primitives for User Programs (1991)](https://pdos.csail.mit.edu/6.S081/2021/readings/appel-li.pdf), Lecture: [Lec 17](https://youtu.be/YNQghIvk0jc) | TBD | TBD |
| 10/29/2022 5:00pm <br /> 10/30/2022 8:00am |  |  |  | Readings:[The Performance of micro-Kernel-Based Systems (1997)](https://pdos.csail.mit.edu/6.S081/2021/readings/microkernel.pdf), Lecture: [Lec 18](https://youtu.be/dM9PLdaTpnA) | TBD | TBD |
| 11/05/2022 5:00pm <br /> 11/06/2022 8:00am |  |  |  | Readings:[Dune: Safe User-level Access to Privileged CPU Features (2012)](https://pdos.csail.mit.edu/6.S081/2021/readings/belay-dune.pdf), Lecture: [Lec 19](https://youtu.be/R8obXHAIPY0) | TBD | TBD |
| 11/12/2022 5:00pm <br /> 11/13/2022 9:00am |  |  |  | Readings:[the Biscuit paper (2018)](https://pdos.csail.mit.edu/6.S081/2021/readings/biscuit.pdf), Lecture: [Lec 20](https://youtu.be/AAtXWGwxI9k) | TBD | TBD |
| 11/19/2022 5:00pm <br /> 11/20/2022 9:00am |  |  |  |  | TBD | TBD |
| 12/03/2022 5:00pm <br /> 12/04/2022 9:00am |  |  |  | Readings:[Receive Livelock (1996)](https://pdos.csail.mit.edu/6.S081/2021/readings/mogul96usenix.pdf), Lecture: [Lec 21](https://youtu.be/Fcjychg4Tvk) | TBD | TBD |
| 12/10/2022 5:00pm <br /> 12/11/2022 9:00am |  |  |  | Readings:[Meltdown (2018)](https://pdos.csail.mit.edu/6.S081/2021/readings/meltdown.pdf), Lecture: [Lec 22](https://youtu.be/WpKVr3p5rjE) | TBD | TBD |
| 12/17/2022 5:00pm <br /> 12/18/2022 9:00am |  |  |  |  | TBD | TBD |
| 01/07/2023 5:00pm <br /> 01/08/2023 9:00am |  |  |  | Readings:[RCU paper (2013)](https://pdos.csail.mit.edu/6.S081/2021/readings/rcu-decade-later.pdf), Lecture: [Lec 23](https://youtu.be/KUwyCGMTeq8) | TBD | TBD |
| 01/14/2023 5:00pm <br /> 01/15/2023 9:00am |  |  |  | Readings:[NASA CALIPSO paper (2006)](https://pdos.csail.mit.edu/6.S081/2021/readings/nasa-calipso-radiation.pdf) for background | TBD | TBD |

## Misc
- [Join Slack](https://join.slack.com/t/splvm/shared_invite/zt-11c7tkyoy-gNOtZWwSZsE2UFOtXBw2Wg) for async discussion
- If you wish to join 微信 (WeChat), please add Lin1991Wen
- [MIT 6.S081 website](https://pdos.csail.mit.edu/6.S081/2021/index.html)
- [Textbook: xv6](https://pdos.csail.mit.edu/6.S081/2021/xv6/book-riscv-rev2.pdf)
- The C programming language (second edition) by Kernighan and Ritchie. Prentice Hall, Inc., 1988. ISBN 0-13-110362-8, 1998.
- [Distributed Systems Meetup](https://splvm.github.io/distsys-meetup/)
- [Database Systems Meetup](https://splvm.github.io/database-meetup/)

## Sponsors
> The organizers spent a lot of time and effort to make this meetup possible. If you would like to sponsor this meetup, please contact us at `systemsgossip at gmail dot com`

We would like to thank the following sponsors for their support:

## FAQ
WIP
